(Yuya)
Previously on Yu‐Gi‐Oh!
ARC‐V...
Why hasn'’’t Ray revived?
No!
I didn't provide
the Arc Five Reactor
with enough energy!
She's gone... forever.
Duel or be destroyed!
Z‐ARC! Your dragon's breath
won't get past us!
Finally!
An adversary!
(laughing)
After all these years,
I can duel again.
And you two will be
my first victims!
(all)
Time to duel!
Astrograph Sorcerer!
Channel the energies...
of my Dark Rebellion
XYZ Dragon,
my Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon,
my Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon,
and my Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon.
Let the reunion begin!
Let us reunite!
The ultimate union
of man and monster!
Together, we are
Supreme King Z‐ARC!
With my arrival,
all your monsters are destroyed!
And you take damage equal
to their attack points!
Kite and I are
taking you down, Z‐ARC.
And saving... our friends!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey, hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Z‐ARC may be half‐human
half‐monster,
but he'’’s a total freak.
Let'’’s hope not.
Sora and Aster risked everything
to try and save Yuya.
It'’’s up to us now.
Well then, I guess
we're gonna have to pick up
where those two left off!
The let'’’s get on
with it, Kite!
To start,
I'll summon...
Raidraptor King Lanius!
And now King Lanius can
call on some royal subjects
to join his army
and serve him
because its special ability lets
it summon another Raidraptor!
So joining the fight is
Raidraptor Vanishing Lanius!
(crowing)
When it's summoned, I'm allowed
to call on some back‐up,
so I'm bringing out
a third bird
to triple the threat‐‐
Raidraptor Fuzzy Lanius!
(screeching)
And now I overlay
King Lanius,
Vanishing Lanius...
and my Fuzzy Lanius!
In order to build
the Overlay Network!
From the shadows,
the falcon soars
on wings of courage,
talons ready
for the rebellion!
I Xyz Summon!
(growling)
Witness the ascent
of Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
(screeching)
Do you think you're
the only one
who can Xyz Summon?
You'’’re wrong!
Now, I overlay
my two Darkwurms
to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
He can Xyz Summon?
And it'’’s not even
his turn now!
That's because
your best strategies
are far inferior
to even my worst techniques.
So while you pitter patter away
in your simple duels,
I work tirelessly
to take dueling to a new level.
Since you Xyz Summoned
a monster,
I'’’m allowed to Xyz Summon
a special monster of my own!
Now come to me...
Supreme King Dragon
Dark Rebellion!
It'’’s Dark Rebellion?
He's using Yuto's powers,
but it won'’’t be enough
to stop me!
I activate Rise Falcon's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains the attack points
of every monster on your field.
6,600 attack points!
That'’’s strong enough
to destroy Supreme King Z‐ARC!
Rise Falcon!
Attack Supreme King Z‐ARC!
Get ready, Z‐ARC...
for a beat down!
You fool, the only one who is
going to be beaten down is you!
As long as Dark Rebellion
is on my field,
you're not allowed to attack
any other Xyz Monsters,
including
Supreme King Z‐ARC!
Z‐ARC has an answer
for everything
we throw at him.
Nothing phases him.
It'’’s like he'’’s playing
with cheat codes.
They better do something
before it'’’s game over.
(Gong)
Sora! Aster!
It'’’s Gong and Sylvio!
You okay?
Uh‐uh.
Man, what happened
to you guys?
It looks like you took on
a whole army and lost.
Fine then,
Rise Falcon will attack
your Dark Rebellion
instead!
When will you learn that nothing
you do will work against me?
By using one Overlay Unit,
Dark Rebellion steals all
of Rise Falcon'’’s attack points!
(roaring)
This is bad,
Shay'’’s gonna lose!
Your bird is toast!
No way! I activate the spell
Overlay Burst Armor!
By removing all
of Rise Falcon's Overlay Units,
it can't be destroyed
in battle
nor do I take any damage!
(thinking)
I feel like I'm dueling Yuya
and Yuto at the same time,
and I'’’m barely
hanging on!
I end my turn
by playing two facedowns!
But why?
You must know
when you've been
outclassed and outmatched.
My victory is
already sealed.
I couldn'’’t do much,
but you can!
Show '’’em
what you got, Kite!
It'’’s my turn!
I draw!
First I'’’m summoning...
my trusty Cipher Wing.
But I'm not gonna settle
for just one Cipher Wing.
I'’’m allowed to automatically
summon Cipher Wing #2!
Next I activate
Double Exposure
to double
my monsters'’’ Levels,
all the way from 4 to 8!
I overlay my Level 8
Cipher Wings
to build
the Overlay Network!
Now, by way
of the cosmic energies
that make up our galaxy,
I'’’ll make something
just as mighty!
I Xyz Summon
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
(thinking)
Yuya, if you're still
trapped in there,
I hope you'’’re fighting
as hard as we are!
Because if we fail,
it'’’s the end of everything!
The only goal is
to destroy Z‐ARC'’’s dragon!
That'’’s easier said
than done.
As long as
he has Dark Rebellion,
we'’’re not allowed to attack
Supreme King Z‐ARC!
I know!
But just because it'’’s hard
doesn'’’t mean it'’’s
impossible!
I use one Overlay Unit
to activate Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon's
special ability!
It'’’s a game changer!
With it, I gain control
of one of your monsters,
and then I'm able
to transform it
into another
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
So your Dark Rebellion
now belongs to me!
You'’’re so naïve!
With my supreme powers,
I can shut down
all your Fusion,
Synchro and Xyz Monsters'’’
special abilities!
What!?
You gotta be kidding!
He'’’s countering
everything!
(thinking)
We can't attack or use
our special abilities
against his dragon!
It'’’s like he has us
totally boxed in!
But you know what?
Maybe it'’’s time
I think outside the box!
I place three cards
facedown.
Your move, Z‐ARC!
Hmm, looks like we'’’re
right back where we started.
We haven'’’t tried
this way.
Whattaya think?
All the dimensions are
collapsing together into one.
(screaming)
Huh?
What'’’s wrong, Riley?
(whimpering)
Are they ghosts?
Did I take
a wrong turn?
This doesn'’’t look
like Heartland City.
You mean
New Domino City?
Don'’’t worry,
they aren'’’t ghosts, Riley.
They'’’re people
from other dimensions.
Huh?
As the four dimensions
continue to merge,
so do the people
living there.
(man)
This is weirding me out.
(screams)
Saya, this way!
Come on!
We have to move!
Look! I think
I see Shay!
Oh...
It'’’s really him!
And Kite, too!
Saya!
Watch out!
Huh?
Aah!
(gasping)
(both screaming)
What was that?
It'’’s Kite!
Shay!
What are you doing here?
This place
isn'’’t for you.
Stay focused!
My turn! Hah!
Dark Rebellion,
attack Galaxy‐Eyes!
(roaring)
Your Galaxy‐Eyes will
be in no shape
to survive this attack!
By using
one Overlay Unit,
Dark Rebellion steals
all of Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon'’’s attack points!
(roaring)
Do something, Shay!
I'’’ve got this!
(thinking)
Because Z‐ARC may
have dangerous cards,
but we'’’ve got
all the heart!
Now I'm activating
my spell card,
Rank‐Up‐Magic
Devotion Force!
Since your monster attacked,
I can use this spell
on my Xyz Monster!
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
And I get to Xyz Summon
a Raidraptor
that'’’s one Rank higher!
Terror of the skies,
predator of blazing force,
with wings that slash
and talons that tear!
Now go, Rank Up
Xyz... Evolution!
Rise up, Raidraptor
Blaze Falcon!
(thinking) Nice, Shay used
Z‐ARC's move
to summon
a stronger monster.
And two can play
that game 'cause
I'’’ll summon a stronger
monster of my own!
I activate...
the spell card Rank‐Up‐Magic
Limit Over Force!
Since Shay used
a Rank‐Up‐Magic card
to summon a monster,
I can use this spell
on my Cipher Dragon
if I give up
half of my life points.
(screaming)
But that lets me
Xyz Summon a monster
that'’’s one Rank higher!
Now bear witness
as the same
fantastic powers
that forged the universe
forge this
most mighty creature!
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
But that'’’s not all!
Limitover Force multiplies
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon's attack points
by the number
of Rank‐Up‐Magic cards
that were played so far!
Just like that,
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes doubles
its firepower!
Not too shabby
a move there, Kite!
I think I'’’ll activate
a Limitover Force of my own!
But by doing so,
I also have to pay
half my life points,
but that's
a small price to pay
if it gives me
even the tiniest of chances
to bring you down, Z‐ARC!
(screaming)
I Xyz Summon a monster
that'’’s one Rank higher
than Blaze Falcon!
Fiercest falcon,
set your wings ablaze
and lock your gaze
on our ill‐fated foe!
Now, make it so!
Go Rank Up
Xyz Evolution!
Welcome to the frontline,
Raidraptor
Revolution Falcon!
And since three
Rank‐Up‐Magic cards
have been played
up to now,
Limitover Force
multiplies
Revolution Force's
attack points by three,
making my monster
three times more powerful!
Revolution Falcon now has
6,000 attack points!
You think they got
a fighting chance?
I hope.
Yeah.
Got any more tricks
up your sleeves, Kite?
I always got tricks.
Just watch.
I activate
the trap Rank‐Up Gravity.
This card weighs down
your options,
because your monsters are
now only allowed to attack
our Ranked up monsters!
But if you don't attack,
your monsters will
pay most dearly
because they will end up
being banished!
Whoa, what a move!
Z‐ARC's monsters aren't
as strong as Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
or Revolution Falcon!
So they'’’re
as good as gone!
Kite and Shay got this!
They'’’ll win!
(chuckling)
(evil cackling)
How cute!
You actually thought
you had this in the bag!
But you don'’’t!
I have Dark Rebellion
to stop anything you try!
By returning it
to my Extra Deck,
I can resurrect
two Supreme King
Dragon Darkwurms
from my graveyard.
And both
your Xyz Monsters
lose all their
attack points,
leaving you powerless!
What?!
Oh, no!
They'’’re gonna lose!
I can't believe it.
Uh, oh!
Oh, no!
Not again!
Gong don'’’t like this
one bit!
Come on, Yuya.
You gotta stop Z‐ARC,
or Kite and Shay are
done for!
Stay and look
after these guys.
Why do I have
to babysit?
You're like
all the others,
pretenders instead of
contenders!
You never had a chance!
Darkwurms,
destroy Revolution Falcon
and Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon
and end this duel!
I now activate
the Action Spell Miracle!
And I also
activate Evasion!
Now, now, now,
don'’’t try to make
a liar out of me!
I said the duel is over!
And what I say goes
because my special ability
destroys those pathetic cards
you just played!
Guess this is the end.
Hold it right there!
This duel'’’s not over!
Huh?
It'’’s Jack Atlas!
Join me!
Mm‐hmm.
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty:
2,000 life points.
Excellent‐‐ this duel was
growing tedious anyway.
I only hope you prove
more challenging than these two.
You wasted my time!
And now you'’’ll pay
the price!
(both screaming)
Oh, no!
We failed.
Z‐ARC is just too strong.
I couldn't save... Yuya.
But you can.
Leave it to Gong!
Good luck.
You'’’ll need it.
Gong never
let no one down,
and Gong ain'’’t starting now!
Yuya'’’s seen better days.
That'’’s Z‐ARC.
He's the worst
o' the worst o' the worst,
and he's got Yuya
under wraps.
Well then,
if that thing has Yuya,
let'’’s defeat that monster
and free him!
Gong'’’s good with that!
This duel sounds like
one of the most dangerous ever,
which is to say
it'’’s right up my alley!
Let'’’s see if you'’’re ready
for the Master of Faster!
Hang in there, buddy!
Gong'’’s not leavin'’’
this dimension without ya!
Take this flyin'’’ freakster down,
you two!
Do what I would do,
and you'’’ll be fine!
(Jack)
Get ready, Z‐ARC...
Cause your time of terror'’’s
coming to an end!